ADR for spike: where should the FHIR server live in our pipeline? (#44)
CDCgov/prime-public-health-data-infrastructure: docs/decisions/0004-fhir-server-architecture.md

              FHIRServer --> Standardization
   ```

   1. Pros:
      1. **Simplicity** - we benefit from the FHIR Server's ingest abilities to coalesce resources from a single message
   2. Cons:
      1. **Simplicity** - This takes the path of unstructured->structured->unstructured->structured
      2. **Consistency** - we will lose our curation upon bulk ingest into the FHIR server

4. FHIR Server at the beginning of the pipeline

   1. Diagram:

   ```mermaid
          flowchart LR
              Ingest --> FHIRBundleConversion["FHIR Bundle Conversion"]
              FHIRBundleConversion --> FHIRServer
              FHIRServer --> Curation
              Curation --> Standardization
   ```

   1. Pros:
      1. **Simplicity**
         1. The FHIR server links our per-resource requests, at first "soft linking" via references and then later hard-linking by using "if-match" [criteria](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/http.html#concurrency)
         2. It provides out of the box storage and a managed database
         3. It provides ready-made functions that we can use without needing to re-implement or re-host in the short-term:
            1. `$convert-data` - HL7 -> FHIR

>             2. `$validate` - apple FHIR profile to data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            2. `$validate` - apply FHIR profile to data
```

            3. `$export` - export data
            4. `$match` - annotate linked records
            5. Through [FHIR Proxy](https://github.com/microsoft/fhir-proxy), Bulk Insertion and pre/post-processeing. We would need to add this on separately
      2. **Consistency** - this lets us work with FHIR data right from the start of our pipeline and then treat it as flat files going forward

>       3. **Composability** - having this functionality encapsulated in specific endpoints could let us pel these off if needbe

Reviewer 2: typos: "...endpoints could let us **peel** these off if **need be**

>       3. **Composability** - having this functionality encapsulated in specific endpoints could let us pel these off if needbe

Author: ```suggestion
      3. **Composability** - having this functionality encapsulated in specific endpoints could let us peel these off if need be
```
